README.md, before:

# Choose Your Own Adventure: Pokemon Trainer!

Created February 2022. 
General Assembly project using terminal for a "Choose your own adventure" game.

I created a "Choose Your Own Adventure" style game in `app.js`.  This is a story where the user is frequently asked what the protagonist should do.  The story progresses based on what the user says should happen.


## How to Play:

You are a new Pokemon Trainer who is aspiring to be the best trainer you can be! Follow the terminal prompts to:
- Select your first Pokemon
- Train your Pokemon
- Feed your Pokemon
- Check Pokemon stats
- And have fun!


## Game Components:

The game is structured in sections, each containing two parts: what just happend and a prompt for what to do next.

- Used the `prompt()` function to retrieve input from the user.
- Used functions to take parameters relating to what the user has chosen to do.
- Used variables to keep track of things that have happened in the story (e.g. accumulated health points, tasks, etc.)
- Ended game with `process.exit()`

## To Play on Web Browser:

Game hosted on GitHub Pages:

https://angelafrancisco.github.io/choose-your-own-adventure/

## To Play Locally:

Clone this repository from GitHub:
```
$ git clone https://github.com/angelafrancisco/choose-your-own-adventure.git
```
Open project directory. From directory, install NPM packages:
```
$ npm i
```
This will install the `prompt-sync` package which will allow you to run the `prompt()` function.


## Credits:
- Pokemon images: [Pikachu](https://www.pokemon.com/us/pokedex/pikachu) | [Squirtle](https://www.pokemon.com/us/pokedex/squirtle) | [Charmander](https://www.pokemon.com/us/pokedex/charmander) | [Mystery Pokemon image](https://lolfilter.com/effect/1540755265106170/Guess%20the%20Pokemon!)
- Game background image: [Bahnijit Barman](https://unsplash.com/@bahnijitb?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText) on [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/s/photos/pokemon?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText)

Commit message:

Updated js, html, css for web browser functionality

README.md, after:

# Choose Your Own Adventure: Pokemon Trainer!

**March 2022. First web browser game for General Assembly.**

Originally created February 2022, as a terminal game in the style of a "choose your own adventure" game. Updated March 2022 as a web browser game.


## How to Play

You are a new Pokemon Trainer who is aspiring to be the best trainer you can be! Follow the game prompts to:
- Select your first Pokemon
- Train your Pokemon
- Feed your Pokemon
- Check Pokemon stats
- And have fun!


## To Play on Web Browser

Game hosted on GitHub Pages:

https://angelafrancisco.github.io/pokemon-trainer-game/


## Game Requirements

The game is structured in sections, each containing two parts: what just happend and a prompt for what to do next.

Terminal game version:
- Used the `prompt()` function to retrieve input from user.
- Used functions to take parameters relating to what the user has chosen to do.
- Used variables to keep track of things that have happened in the story (e.g. accumulated health points, tasks, etc.)
- Ended game with `process.exit()`

Web browser version:
- CSS
- JavaScript/jQuery


## Credits
- Pokemon images: [Pikachu](https://www.pokemon.com/us/pokedex/pikachu) | [Squirtle](https://www.pokemon.com/us/pokedex/squirtle) | [Charmander](https://www.pokemon.com/us/pokedex/charmander) | [Mystery Pokemon image](https://lolfilter.com/effect/1540755265106170/Guess%20the%20Pokemon!)
- Game background image: [Bahnijit Barman](https://unsplash.com/@bahnijitb?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText) on [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/s/photos/pokemon?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText)
